In this video we’re going to be updating
our app so that it looks more like our sample
application.
This is what our application is going to look
like as we progress.
Its going to have a main page listing some
books, then an inner page containing the book
details.
So I’m just going to be walking you through
the changes that have already been made since
they mostly involve adding some style references
and html references along with our images.
You’ll be able to find both the updated
code as well as the raw html e-commerce files
in your lecture resources.
I’m going to start off by editing our html
file.
So I’ll just open that up.
And you can see in this file I’ve added
a reference to some fonts as well as fontawesome.
We’ll be using fontawesome to add in some
icons in certain places.
And one of the first places we use it is to
add in a spinner.
I’ve removed the text ‘loading’ when
our app is initially loaded, and instead we’ll
just display a spinner.
And I’ve edited our package.json down here
to include a reference to font-awesome.
So by including this font-awesome reference I can navigate into my
terminal and type ‘npm install’ and its
going to download this font-awesome library into our node_modules.
Which you can see righ there.
The next thing is I’ve added some images
into our assets folder.
So inside of our images I’ve added a bunch
of our books that will show up.
And I’ve also added a folder for fonts for
our glyphicons.
Additionally, I’ve added a books folder.
This books folder is going to have a books-details
folder and a books-list folder.
The books-list folder currently contains a
books-list typescript file and a books-list
html file.
The typescript file is empty.
And the html file is going to hold a list
of our products.
This is what will appear on the main page.
On the books-details we have an empty component
and the same thing we have an html page that
will contain the html.
Right now, both these files are hard-coded.
We’ll change that as we progress.
Inside of our styles.css file I’ve included
some styling that’s going to overwrite the
bootstrap styling.
So now, the last thing I want to do together
is within our app.component file I’m going
to add the header navbar area.
What we’ll do is add in this navbar area,
and then below that we’re going to nest
components to display our content.
I’ll add a new file into my app folder.
And we’ll call this app.component.html.
And then I’m going to paste in our code
here.
This is the header navbar code.
Then save that.
Then all we need to do is edit our component
typescript file and reference this component
html.
So I’ll change this to be templateUrl.
And I’ll change our backticks to quotes,
then just reference the file which is app.component.html.
If we’re referencing our template then we
also have to reference our moduleId as module.id.
Now I’ll save that file.
And I’m going to remove the welcome folder
since we’re not using it anymore.
The last thing we need to do is open up our
app.module.ts file and remove the WelcomeComponent
import.
We’ll get rid of that.
And now lets go ahead and restart our server.
Ok, so that’s all that I wanted to do in
this lecture was update our code to include
some new HTML files.
In the next section, we’ll discuss in detail
how to use angular data binding.